Update provisioning-faqs.md (#7541)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/provisioning-faqs.md

### Does AWS CDK still require feature flags to be set in order to use?

AWS CDK is globally available and does not require any feature flags to enable and use. For more information, please go to [AWS CDK Provisioning](/docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/aws-cdk/).

> ### Cloud formation create stack is failing with the below error.
> ```
> Exception: Invalid request: Parameter 'InsufficientDataHealthStatus' must be one of AllowedValues (Service: AmazonCloudFormation; Status Code: 400; Error Code: ValidationError; Request ID: ...; Proxy: null) while creating stack: HarnessStack-route53
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why is my CloudFormation create stack operation failing with the error **Exception: Invalid request: Parameter 'InsufficientDataHealthStatus' must be one of AllowedValues (Service: AmazonCloudFormation; Status Code: 400; Error Code: ValidationError; Request ID: ...; Proxy: null) while creating stack: HarnessStack-route53**?
```
